Enjoyable
=========

Enjoyable is a simple program for Mac OS X which allows you to use
joystick inputs like a mouse or keyboard. If you've ever played a
video game which only supports mouse and keyboard input but you want
to use a joystick or gamepad, then Enjoyable is the program for you.

Enjoyable supports multiple configurations (for different games or
programs) and you can even map joystick buttons to change
configurations on-the-fly.

Enjoyable is free software written by Joe Wreschnig and is based on
the Enjoy codebase written by [Yifeng Huang](htty://nongraphical.com)
and [Sam McCall](http://abstractable.net/enjoy/).

## How to Use

At startup, and when Enjoyable is paused, press any button or move any
analog stick to jump to the configuration for that button or stick.
From there, select one of the mapping options from the choices on the
right.

To quickly map a joystick to keyboard actions, you can simply press
the joystick button or axis, then the keyboard key you wish to map
it to, and repeat.

Once you've done that, click the Start button and begin using your
joystick as a keyboard and mouse.

If you name a configuration after the title of a program (e.g. what
appears when you hover over it in the dock) that configuration will
automatically be selected when you switch to that program.

### Mouse Mapping Compatibility

Enjoyable offers two mouse mapping modes: global and single-window.
Enjoyable starts in global mode, but you can set any joystick button to
the "toggle mouse scope" action, which will change the mode. If you
are using Enjoy2 to play a video game, you may find that one or the
other mode offers better compatibility with your game's specific
requirements.

## Requirements

* Mac OS X 10.7+
* HID-compatible (e.g. USB or Bluetooth) input device

## Changes

Version 1

* Forked from Enjoy/Enjoy2. The code has been modernized and optimized.
  Many bugs and UI issues were fixed.

## License

Enjoyable is based on Enjoy and Enjoy2, by Sam McCall and Yifeng Huang.

Copyright 2013 Joe Wreschnig
          2012 Yifeng Huang
          2009 Sam McCall, University of Otago

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

The joystick icon is from the Tango icon set and is public domain.
